Z24276672X2--Operation Ganga: Centre Says 11 Flights To Evacuate 2,200 Stranded Indians From Ukraine Today--As the war between Russia and Ukraine continue to escalate, the Ministry of Civil Aviation on Saturday said over 11 flights with more than 2,200 Indian evacuees will operate from Ukraine’s neighbouring countries to India on Sunday. The aviation ministry further added that about 3,000 Indians were airlifted on 15 flights to India on Saturday and added that these included 12 special civilian and 3 Indian Air Force (IAF) flights. Under “Operation Ganga”, Air India, Air India Express, IndiGo, SpiceJet, and Indian Air Force are being operated for the evacuees, the ministry noted.==Z24276672X1.png--Former NSE Chief Chitra Ramakrishna Likely To Be Arrested By CBI As Delhi Court Rejects Anticipatory Bail--Former National Stock Exchange (NSE) Managing Director and CEO Chitra Ramakrishna is likely to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) after a Delhi court rejected her anticipatory bail application on Saturday, sources told India Today. It was reported that Ramakrishna may also approach Delhi High Court. Notably, Chitra Ramakrishna, is under investigation for allegedly sharing confidential information about NSE with a “yogi who lives in the Himalayas.” Earlier, she was questioned in Mumbai by CBI officials. Her alleged close associate Anand Subramaniam was also earlier arrested by the CBI.Special Judge Sanjeev Aggarwal earlier in the day dismissed her anticipatory bail application after hearing arguments from the lawyers appearing for the accused and the CBI.The Income Tax (IT) Department had earlier also raided various premises linked to Chitra Ramkrishna in Mumbai and Chennai.==664266612N2.webp--Will CBSE Class 10, 12 Term 2 Board Exams 2022 be Cancelled? Exam Controller Makes Big Announcement Amid Rising Demand From Students--BSE Class 10, 12 Term 2 Board Exams 2022: Looking at the rising cases of coronavirus and Omicron, students across the country have started demanding cancellation of CBSE Class 10, 12 Term 2 Board Exams 2022. They are of the opinion that the offline exam at this time will affect their health in the wake of the increasing COVID cases. However, the CBSE, CISCE are yet to announce the schedule of the term 2 exams. But the CBSE in its earlier statement had said that the term 2 exams will be conducted only if the Covid-19 situation gets better n the meantime, the states such as Assam, Bihar, Rajasthan, Maharashtra have decided to continue with the board exams, however, class 10, 12 exams in West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh will depend on the Covid-19 pandemic situations. Moreover, Uttar Pradesh (UP Board) has announced to conduct the class 10, 12 exams after the election. ==664266612N3.webp--Omicron Spreading Far Too Intensely, Narrative That it is Mild Misleading: WHO Chief--At a press briefing on Tuesday, World Health Organisation (WHO) director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the omicron variant continues to sweep the world, adding there were 18 million new COVID-19 cases reported last week “The number of deaths remains stable for the moment but we are concerned about the impact Omicron is having on already exhausted health workers and overburdened health systems,” he said. ==664266612N4.webp--‘PM Said It’s An Individual Responsibility’: Karnataka Minister Refuses To Wear Mask--Karnataka minister Umesh Katti flouted COVID-19 protocols issued by the government and refused to wear a mask at a public event. The minister also defended his decision to not wear a mask and said he was “not interested”. When reporters questioned him on shunning of mask, Umesh Katti said,”The PM has said that no restriction will be imposed & that it (wearing face mask) is an individual responsibility. Whoever wishes to wear a mask can do so. I am not interested in wearing it so I haven’t. It is my individual decision.”
